sql infra: update system variable changes about enhanced lock waiting model (#12947)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Default value: `ON`
- This variable controls whether to enable the [ANALYZE configuration persistence](/statistics.md#persist-analyze-configurations) feature.

### tidb_pessimistic_txn_fair_locking <span class="version-mark">New in v7.0.0</span>

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Type: Boolean
- Default value: `ON`
- Determines whether to use enhanced pessimistic locking wake-up model for pessimistic transactions. This model strictly controls the wake-up order of pessimistic transactions in the pessimistic locking single-point conflict scenarios to avoid unnecessary wake-ups. It greatly reduces the uncertainty brought by the randomness of the existing wake-up mechanism. If you encounter frequent single-point pessimistic locking conflicts in your business scenario (such as frequent updates to the same row of data), and thus cause frequent statement retries, high tail latency, or even occasional `pessimistic lock retry limit reached` errors, you can try to enable this variable to solve the problem.

> - This variable is disabled by default for clusters that upgrade from versions earlier than v7.0.0 to v7.0.0 or later versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is disabled by default for TiDB clusters that are upgraded from versions earlier than v7.0.0 to v7.0.0 or later versions.
```

> **Note:**
>
> - Depending on the specific business scenario, enabling this option might cause a certain degree of throughput reduction (average latency increase) for transactions with frequent lock conflicts.
> - This option only takes effect on statements that need to lock a single key. If a statement needs to lock multiple rows at the same time, this option will not take effect on such statements.

> > - This feature is introduced in v6.6.0 by the variable [`tidb_pessimistic_txn_aggressive_locking`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v6.6/system-variables#tidb_pessimistic_txn_aggressive_locking-new-in-v660), which is disabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - This feature is introduced in v6.6.0 by the [`tidb_pessimistic_txn_aggressive_locking`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v6.6/system-variables#tidb_pessimistic_txn_aggressive_locking-new-in-v660) variable, which is disabled by default.
```
